https://imgur.com/VqcZweH

why we add load balancer?
-Load balancer will distribute the traffic to group of servers to reduce the amount of load on an individual
server , that's inturn increase the reliability, efficiency and availability of the application or website.

-adding heart monitor enables us to check the health of the server.

What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works?
the distribution algorithm used is Weighted Round Robin or Ratio algorithm .
the number of connections that each server receives over time is proportionate to a ratio weight defined for each server.

Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both.
our load-balancer enabling an Active-Active setup.
 Active-Active distributes traffic across multiple load balancers,all of which actively handle requests simultaneously
 Maximizes system availability and scalability. 
 while Active-Passive has one active load balancer and passive backups.
 that's focuses on redundancy and failover with one active and others in standby.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works?
this is a configuration where you have one primary database server and one or more replica database servers
the first on called Master and responsible for all write operations, such as INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE queries
, and the seconed one is responsible for read operations, such as SELECT queries
Replication in a database cluster works by copying data changes from the primary server to replica servers, 
ensuring all have the same data.
This improves performance, load balancing, and provides data redundancy for high availability.

What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application?
the primary node hosts the Master data-base and responsible for is responsible for handling write requests
ensuring data consistency, and maintaining the most up-to-date data.
the Replica node serves as a backup and can help distribute read queries to reduce the load on the primary node.

-there will be SPOF because we use one load balancer . if it fails it causes the failure of the system.
-firewall helps protect a website from malicious attacks by blocking incoming traffic that violates the security rules.
https helps to protect the communication from hackers. abscence of them will put the system under attacks and hacking.
-mointors are so important to measure the performance of the system and helps you to control the system. 